Minor fixes in cluster-addslots / cluster-addslotsrange (#2396)
redis/redis-doc: commands/cluster-addslotsrange.md

This command only works in cluster mode and is useful in the following Redis Cluster operations:

> 1. To create a new `cluster ADDSLOTSRANGE` is used in order to initially setup master nodes splitting the available hash slots among them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To create a new cluster, `CLUSTER ADDSLOTSRANGE` is used to initially set up master nodes splitting the available hash slots among them.
```
